Add sections about creating and modifying agent and proxy entities (#2638)
sensu/sensu-docs: content/sensu-go/6.0/reference/entities.md

Use [proxy entity filters][19] to establish a many-to-many relationship between agent entities and proxy entities if you want even more power over the grouping.

## Create and modify agent entities

> When an agent connects to a backend, the agent entity defnition is created from the information in `/etc/sensu/agent.yml`.

Reviewer: I would maybe say "is created from the agent.yml config file," with a link to where the default file location is on each OS. ex. linux: `/etc/sensu/agent`, freebsdb: `/usr/local/etc/sensu`, windows:`C:\ProgramData\sensu\config` or something like that?

Author: I'm only including the OS platforms we have supported packages for

> When an agent connects to a backend, the agent entity defnition is created from the information in `/etc/sensu/agent.yml`.

Author: ```suggestion
When an agent connects to a backend, the agent entity definition is created from the information in the `agent.yml` configuration file.
The default `agent.yml` file location depends on your operating system:

- Linux and macOS: `/etc/sensu/agent`
- Windows: `C:\ProgramData\sensu\config`
```

You can modify agent entities with [sensuctl][32], the [entities API][31], and the [web UI][33].

{{% notice note %}}
**NOTE**: You cannot modify agent entities with `/etc/sensu/agent.yml`.

> The entity attributes in `/etc/sensu/agent.yml` are used only for initial entity creation.

Reviewer: Same thing here, `/etc/sensu/agent.yml` is only the _default_ config file path for linux.

{{% /notice %}}

To maintain agent entities based on `/etc/sensu/agent.yml`, create ephemeral agent entities with the [deregister attribute][34] set to `true`.
With this setting, the agent entity will deregister every time the agent process stops.
When it restarts, it will revert to the original configuration from `/etc/sensu/agent.yml`

> You must set `deregister: true` in `/etc/sensu/agent.yml` before the agent entity is created.

Reviewer: Again, we should be more generic when referring to the agent config file.

> If you delete an agent entity that you modified with sensuctl, the entities API, or the web UI, it will revert to the original configuration from `/etc/sensu/agent.yml`.

Reviewer: This line too!

Use [proxy entity filters][19] to establish a many-to-many relationship between agent entities and proxy entities if you want even more power over the grouping.

## Create and modify agent entities

When an agent connects to a backend, the agent entity definition is created from the information in the `agent.yml` configuration file.
The default `agent.yml` file location depends on your operating system:

- Linux and macOS: `/etc/sensu/agent`

> - Windows: `C:\ProgramData\sensu\config`

Reviewer: Maybe we can point them to the `config-file` attribute in https://docs.sensu.io/sensu-go/latest/reference/agent/#general-configuration-flags instead. That has all the default file paths documented already!

> You can modify agent entities with [sensuctl][32], the [entities API][31], and the [web UI][33].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manage agent entities via the backend with [sensuctl][32], the [entities API][31], and the [web UI][33].
```

{{% notice note %}}

> **NOTE**: You cannot modify agent entities with the `agent.yml` configuration file.

Reviewer: ..unless you delete the agent entity

> The entity attributes in `agent.yml` are used only for initial entity creation.

Reviewer: ..unless you delete the agent entity

{{% /notice %}}

To maintain agent entities based on `agent.yml`, create ephemeral agent entities with the [deregister attribute][34] set to `true`.

> With this setting, the agent entity will deregister every time the agent process stops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this setting, the agent entity will deregister every time the agent process stops and its keepalive expires.
```
